DOC: Update documentation (#4181)
ansys/pyaedt: doc/source/User_guide/index.rst

            :link-type: doc
            :margin: 2 2 0 0
            

>             How to launch Electronics Desktop and create a project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            How to launch AEDT and create a project.
```
